# xxx
10. Iodine. I.
KABBALA
Malchut
Principium
Phallus
All religions preserved the memory of the original book, written in images by the sages of the first centuries; its simplified and later introduced into general use symbols delivered to the writing of letters, the word of its distinctive features and occult philosophy - its mysterious signs and pantacles.
This book, attributed to the Jews of Enoch, the seventh world teacher after Adam, the Egyptians - Hermes Trismegistus, the Greeks - Cadmus, the founder of the holy city, was a symbolic abbreviation of the ancient tradition, later called Kabbalah, a Hebrew word equivalent to tradition.
All this tradition is based on the only dogma of magic: the visible is for us a proportional measure of the invisible. The ancients, noticing that to physics, equilibrium is a universal law and the result of the apparent opposite of the two forces, from the equilibrium of the physical was concluded to a metaphysical equilibrium, and proclaimed that in God, ie, living and active primary cause, it is necessary to recognize two properties necessary for each other: stability and movement, necessity and freedom, rational order and free will, justice and love, and, consequently, also strictness and mercy; two of these attributes of the Jewish Kabbalists to some extent personify under the name of Geburah (Geburah) and Chesed (Chesed).
Above Geburah and Hesed is the supreme crown - the counterbalancing force, the principle of peace or a balanced kingdom; This crown is designated by the name of Malkut in the secret and Kabalistic verse of the Lord's prayer, of which I have already spoken.
But Geburah and Hesed, supported in balance at the top by the crown and below the kingdom, are two principles that can be considered either abstractly or in their implementation. Abstract or idealized they get the highest name: "Chochmah", wisdom, and "Binah", the mind. Implemented, they are called sustainability and progress, i.e. eternity and victory: "Year" (Hod) and "Netzah" (Netzah).
Such, according to the teachings of Kabbalah, is the basis of all religions and sciences, the first and unchanging idea of ​​all that exists is the triple triangle and the circle, the idea of ​​the triple, explained by the multiplied equilibrium, in the field of the ideal and the realization of this idea in forms. The ancients combined the main concepts of this simple and grandiose theology with the notion of numbers and in the following way determined all the numbers of the original decater:
1. "Keter" (Keter). - The crown is the balancing force.
2. "Hochma" (Chochmah). - Wisdom, balanced in its unchanging device by the initiative of reason.
3. Binah. - Active mind, balanced by wisdom.
4. "Chesed" (Chesed). - Mercy, - the second concept of wisdom, is always benevolent, since it is strong.
5. "Geburah" (Geburah). - Austerity, the inevitable existence of which is conditioned by wisdom and kindness. To suffer evil means to interfere with good.
6. "Tiphereth" (Tiphereth). - Beauty is the radiant concept of equilibrium in forms, the transition from the crown to the kingdom, the principle, the mediator between the creator and the creation. (What an amazingly beautiful concept of poetry and its high priesthood we find here!)
7. "Netzah" (Netsah). - Victory, i.e. the eternal triumph of reason and justice.
8. The Year (Hod). - The eternity of the victories of the spirit over matter, active over the passive, life over death.
9. "Iezod" (Iesod). - Base, i.e. the basis of all beliefs and truths, is what we call "Absolute" in philosophy.
10. "Malchut" (Malchut) or "Malkout" (Malkout). - The kingdom is the universe; all creation is a work and a mirror of God; proof of the existence of higher intelligence; an exact consequence that forces us to ascend to the first possible premisses; The riddle, the guessing of which is God, i.e. the supreme and absolute mind.
These ten basic concepts associated with the first ten letters of the original alphabet, simultaneously denoting both the beginnings and the numbers, represent what the teachers of Kabbalah call the ten Sephiroth.
The sacred tetragram depicted in this way indicates the number, source and relation of the names of God. To the name of Iotchavah, depicted by these twenty-four signs, crowned with a triple halo of light, it is necessary to attribute 24 heavenly thrones and the same crowned elders of the "Apocalypse". In the Kabbalah, the occult beginning is called the old man, and this principle, reproducing itself and, as it were, reflected in the secondary causes, will create its images, i. there are as many elders as there are different concepts of its one essence. These less perfect images, departing from their source, cast into the darkness the last reflection and reflection, depicting the terrible and disfigured elder; and this is what is called the devil. Therefore, one initiate dared to say: "The devil is God, according to the concepts of evil people," and the other, using even more strange, but no less energetic expressions, added: "The devil is formed from the scraps of God." I could summarize and explain all these seemingly new assertions, noting that in the very symbolism the demon is an angel, cast down from heaven, because he wanted to take over the power of God. This is the allegorical language of the prophets
Переводчик Google для бизнеса –Инструменты переводчикаПереводчик сайтов
